---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "endpointmonitor Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# EndPoint Monitor Provider

The EndPoint Monitor provider allows you to manage most aspects of your synthetic checks through Terraform. This can be especially useful if you have repetition in your monitoring you want to automate the setup of, if you want to dynamically setup monitoring alongside provisioning of your infrastructure through Terraform or just want a logical backup of your checks that can be easily spun up elsewhere if needed.

The provider currently allows management of the following components of EndPoint Monitor:
- Checks (including web journeys)
- Common Web Journey Steps
- Check Hosts
- Proxy Hosts
- Scheduled Maintenance Periods
- Check Groups and Dashboard Groups

To use the provider you will need to issue an API Key with write access from your EndPoint Monitor instance. This can be done by selecting API Keys on the main menu, and then selecting Add at the top of the page. Make sure that when you create it the Read Only option is toggled off.

Initialising your provider in Terraform can be done as shown in the example below. Please refer to the Resources and Data Sources options for how to use the other components of this provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "endpointmonitor" {
    url = "https://endpointmonitor.mydomain.com/api"
    key = "7412f79a-70a4-450c-8c10-0b5e958a726d"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String, Sensitive) An API key issued from your EndPoint Monitor installation under the API Keys section. Make sure the API key used has write access. This should be passed in using an environment variable with name EPM_API_KEY. Do not store this key in any configuration.
- `url` (String) The API base path of your EndPoint Monitor installation. This is usually the path you would normally access EndPoint Monitor through with /api appended. This can also be passed in through the environment variable EPM_URL.
