---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "endpointmonitor_url_check Resource - endpointmonitor"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage URL checks that test a given URL for an expected response.
---

# endpointmonitor_url_check (Resource)

Create and manage URL checks that test a given URL for an expected response.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example URL Check that uses the endpointmonitor_check_host and
# endpointmonitor_check_group data sources to get the id of the 
# group it sits in and the host it is to run on.

data "endpointmonitor_check_host" "controller" {
  search = "controller"
}

data "endpointmonitor_check_group" "websites" {
  search = "Public Websites"
}

resource "endpointmonitor_url_check" "example" {
  name                   = "Home Page Check"
  description            = "Check home page loads as expected"
  check_frequency        = 60
  url                    = "https://www.mycompany.com/"
  trigger_count          = 2
  request_method         = "GET"
  expected_response_code = 200
  alert_response_time    = 5000
  warning_response_time  = 3000
  timeout                = 10000
  allow_redirects        = false

  request_header {
    name  = "Agent"
    value = "EndPoint Monitor"
  }

  check_host_id  = data.endpointmonitor_check_host.controller.id
  check_group_id = data.endpointmonitor_check_group.websites.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alert_response_time` (Number) The alert response time threshold in milliseconds.
- `check_frequency` (Number) The frequency the check will be run in seconds.
- `check_group_id` (Number) The id of the Check Group the check belongs to. This also determines check frequency.
- `expected_response_code` (Number) The expected successful response code. Any code other than this will be considered a failure.
- `name` (String) A name to describe in the check, used throughout EndPoint Monitor to describe this check, including in notifications.
- `request_method` (String) The HTTP verb used to send the request
- `timeout` (Number) The number of milliseconds to wait for a response before giving up.
- `trigger_count` (Number) The sequential number of failures that need to occur for a check to trigger an alert or notification.
- `url` (String) The URL to check
- `warning_response_time` (Number) The warning response time threshold in milliseconds.

### Optional

- `allow_redirects` (Boolean) If true, the check will follow redirects. If false the initial response will be evaluated for the check.
- `check_host_group_id` (Number) The id of the Check Host Group to run the check on.
- `check_host_id` (Number) The id of the Check Host to run the check on.
- `description` (String) A space to provide a longer description of the check if needed. Will default to the name if not set.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Allows the enabling/disabling of the check from executing.
- `maintenance_override` (Boolean) If set true then notifications and alerts will be suppressed for the check.
- `proxy_host_id` (Number) The id of the Proxy Host the check should use for a HTTP proxy if needed.
- `request_body` (String) The body to send as part of the check.
- `request_header` (Block List) Header to send as part of the check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--request_header))
- `response_body_check` (Block List) A list of string checks to perform against the returned body from the URL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--response_body_check))
- `result_retention` (Number) The number of days to store historic results of the check.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--request_header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_header`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the header to send.
- `value` (String) The value of the header to send.


<a id="nestedblock--response_body_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `response_body_check`

Required:

- `comparator` (String) The comparison to use between the string given and the response body.
- `string` (String) The string to used in this check.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# URL checks can be imported using their numeric id, which can be see in the address bar when editing a check in the web interface.
terraform import endpointmonitor_url_check.example 123
```
