---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "endpointmonitor_web_journey_check Resource - endpointmonitor"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage web journey checks that can be set up to navigate through a website and perform period checks to ensure page elements, network calls and console logs are there or not as expected.
---

# endpointmonitor_web_journey_check (Resource)

Create and manage web journey checks that can be set up to navigate through a website and perform period checks to ensure page elements, network calls and console logs are there or not as expected.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example Web Journey Check that uses the endpointmonitor_check_host 
# and endpointmonitor_check_group data sources to get the id of the 
# group it sits in and the host it is to run on.
# Additionally uses the endpointmonitor_web_journey_common_step 
# data source to apply a common journey step.

data "endpointmonitor_check_host_group" "agent_group" {
  search = "agent"
}

data "endpointmonitor_check_group" "websites" {
  search = "Public Websites"
}

data "endpointmonitor_web_journey_common_step" "initial" {
  search = "Initial Page Checks"
}

resource "endpointmonitor_web_journey_check" "example" {
  name            = "Website Login"
  description     = "Checks website login is working."
  enabled         = true
  check_frequency = 120
  start_url       = "https://www.mycompany.com/"
  trigger_count   = 2

  monitor_domain {
    domain              = "mycompany.com"
    include_sub_domains = true
  }

  monitor_domain {
    domain              = "auth0.com"
    include_sub_domains = true
  }

  step {
    sequence       = 0
    name           = "Initial Page Load Checks"
    type           = "COMMON"
    common_step_id = data.endpointmonitor_web_journey_common_step.initial.id
  }

  step {
    sequence               = 1
    name                   = "Login"
    type                   = "CUSTOM"
    wait_time              = 5000
    page_load_time_warning = 2000
    page_load_time_alert   = 5000

    page_check {
      description = "Check not already logged in."
      type        = "CHECK_FOR_TEXT"

      check_for_text {
        text_to_find = "Logout"
        state        = "ABSENT"
      }
    }

    action {
      sequence        = 0
      description     = "Enter username"
      always_required = true
      type            = "TEXT_INPUT"

      text_input {
        element_id = "login_username"
        input_text = "my.user@mycompany.com"
      }
    }

    action {
      sequence        = 1
      description     = "Enter password"
      always_required = true
      type            = "PASSWORD_INPUT"

      password_input {
        element_id     = "login_password"
        input_password = var.login_password
      }
    }

    action {
      sequence        = 2
      description     = "Click Login"
      always_required = true
      type            = "CLICK"

      click {
        search_text  = "Login"
        element_type = "button"
      }
    }
  }

  step {
    sequence = 2
    name     = "Check Login Successful"
    type     = "CUSTOM"

    page_check {
      description = "Check login response"
      type        = "CHECK_URL_RESPONSE"

      check_url_response {
        url                   = "https://mywebsite.com/login"
        comparison            = "STARTS_WITH"
        warning_response_time = 1500
        alert_response_time   = 3000
        response_code         = 200
      }
    }

    page_check {
      description = "Check username is displayed"
      type        = "CHECK_FOR_TEXT"

      check_for_text {
        text_to_find = "my.user@mycompany.com"
        state        = "PRESENT"
      }
    }
  }

  host_group_id  = data.endpointmonitor_check_host_group.agent_group.id
  check_group_id = data.endpointmonitor_check_group.websites.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `check_frequency` (Number) The frequency the check will be run in seconds.
- `check_group_id` (Number) The id of the Check Group the check belongs to. This also determines check frequency.
- `name` (String) A name to describe in the check, used throughout EndPoint Monitor to describe this check, including in notifications.
- `start_url` (String) The URL to load start the journey at.
- `trigger_count` (Number) The sequential number of failures that need to occur for a check to trigger an alert or notification.

### Optional

- `check_host_group_id` (Number) The id of the Check Host Group to run the check on.
- `check_host_id` (Number) The id of the Check Host to run the check on.
- `description` (String) A space to provide a longer description of the check if needed. Will default to the name if not set.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Allows the enabling/disabling of the check from executing.
- `maintenance_override` (Boolean) If set true then notifications and alerts will be suppressed for the check.
- `monitor_domain` (Block List) Define a domain to monitor network calls from during the check. If no monitor_domain's are defined, then all calls will be monitored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--monitor_domain))
- `proxy_host_id` (Number) The id of the Proxy Host the check should use for a HTTP proxy if needed.
- `result_retention` (Number) The number of days to store historic results of the check.
- `step` (Block List) Defines a complete step of a web journey, starting with the checks to perform on the current page, followed by actions to take. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step))
- `window_height` (Number) The height of the browser window used for the check.
- `window_width` (Number) The width of the browser window used for the check.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--monitor_domain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitor_domain`

Required:

- `domain` (String) The domain to monitor.
- `include_sub_domains` (Boolean) If true, all sub-domains of the domain will be monitored too. If false, just the given domain will be monitored.


<a id="nestedblock--step"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step`

Required:

- `name` (String) A name to describe what the step is doing. This will be included in any alerts and notifications.
- `sequence` (Number) This indicates the order in which the steps will executing during the check.
- `type` (String) Should be COMMON or CUSTOM. COMMON allows use of a pre-defined Web Journey step, common_step_id must be set when using this option. CUSTOM allows a custom one to be defined for this check.

Optional:

- `action` (Block List) The set of actions to perform at the end of the step such as clicking on elements or enterting text. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--action))
- `common_step_id` (Number) If type is set to COMMON, then this should be set. The id of the Common Web Journey Step to use.
- `console_message_suppression` (Block List) Suppress one or more cosole log messages from creating a warning or failure for a Web Journey Step. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--console_message_suppression))
- `network_suppression` (Block List) Suppress one or more network calls from causing any warnings or failures. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--network_suppression))
- `page_check` (Block List) The set of checks to run against the currently loaded content. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--page_check))
- `page_load_time_alert` (Number) The maximum number of milliseconds that any discovered network call can take before an alert is created for it, and the check is set to a failed status.
- `page_load_time_warning` (Number) The maximum number of milliseconds that any discovered network call can take before a warning is created for it and the check is set to a warning status.
- `wait_time` (Number) The number of milliseconds to wait for any page load / actions on the page to complete before any checks on this step are started.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)

<a id="nestedblock--step--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.action`

Required:

- `description` (String) Space for a description of what this action does.
- `sequence` (Number) This defines the order that actions will be taken, from number lowest first to highest number last.
- `type` (String) The type of action to perform. Options are: CLICK, DOUBLE_CLICK, RIGHT_CLICK, TEXT_INPUT, PASSWORD_INPUT, CHANGE_WINDOW_BY_ORDER, CHANGE_WINDOW_BY_TITLE, NAVIGATE_URL, WAIT, REFRESH_PAGE, CLOSE_WINDOW, CHANGE_IFRAME_BY_ORDER, CHANGE_IFRAME_BY_XPATH, SCROLL_TO_ELEMENT, TAKE_SCREENSHOT, SAVE_DOM or SELECT_OPTION.

Optional:

- `always_required` (Boolean) If true the the action given must be able to be completed against the current page, and if it can't the check will be marked as failed. If false, and the action can't complete, for example because the element is missing, the step will continue onto the next action regardless.
- `click` (Block, Optional) The additional details needed for a CLICK, DOUBLE_CLICK or RIGHT_CLICK action type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--action--click))
- `iframe_id` (Number) The order number of the iframe to set focus to for the CHANGE_IFRAME_BY_ORDER action type. Set to 0 if you need to move focus back to the main page.
- `iframe_xpath` (String) The xpath of the iframe to set focus to for the CHANGE_IFRAME_BY_XPATH action type.
- `navigate_url` (String) The URL to navigate to for the NAVIGATE_URL action type.
- `password_input` (Block, Optional) The additional details needed for a PASSWORD_INPUT action type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--action--password_input))
- `scroll_to_element` (Block, Optional) The additional details needed for the SCROLL_TO_ELEMENT action type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--action--scroll_to_element))
- `select_option` (Block, Optional) Additional details needed for SELECT_OPTION action type, used to choose a value from a select element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--action--select_option))
- `text_input` (Block, Optional) The additional details needed for a TEXT_INPUT action type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--action--text_input))
- `wait_time` (Number) The number of milliseconds to wait for the WAIT action type.
- `window_id` (Number) The opening order number of the window to change focus to for CHANGE_WINDOW_BY_ORDER action types.
- `window_title` (String) The title of the window to change focus to for CHANGE_WINDOW_BY_TITLE action types.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)

<a id="nestedblock--step--action--click"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.action.click`

Optional:

- `element_type` (String) Only to be used alongside search_text. The element type/name to help target the given search_text.
- `search_text` (String) The text on the page to click on. If this has multiple matches then the first will be used. Can not be used with xpath.
- `xpath` (String) The xpath of the element to click on. If multiple matches, the first will be used. Can not be used with search_text.


<a id="nestedblock--step--action--password_input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.action.password_input`

Optional:

- `element_id` (String) The id of the element to input the password into. Not to be used with xapth or element_name.
- `element_name` (String) The name of the element to input the password into. Not to be used with xapth or element_id.
- `input_password` (String) The password to input. This will not be stored in your Terraform state and ideally should be passed in to your Terraform as a environment variable rather than statically stored in your Terraform code.
- `xpath` (String) The xpath of the element to input the password into. If multiple matches, the first will be used. Not to be used with element_id or element_name.


<a id="nestedblock--step--action--scroll_to_element"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.action.scroll_to_element`

Optional:

- `element_type` (String) Only to be used alongside search_text. The element type/name to help target the given search_text.
- `search_text` (String) The text on the page to scroll to. If this has multiple matches then the first will be used. Can not be used with xpath.
- `xpath` (String) The xpath of the element to scroll to. If multiple matches, the first will be used. Can not be used with search_text.


<a id="nestedblock--step--action--select_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.action.select_option`

Optional:

- `element_id` (String) The id of the select element to select a value from. Not to be used when xpath is set.
- `option_index` (Number) Choose the option to select by the order it is shown in the list, starting from 0.
- `option_name` (String) Choose the option to select by its name shown in the list.
- `option_value` (String) Choose the option to select by its form value.
- `xpath` (String) The xpath of the select element to select a value from. Not to be used when element_id is set.


<a id="nestedblock--step--action--text_input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.action.text_input`

Optional:

- `element_id` (String) The id of the element to input text into. Not to be used with xapth or element_name.
- `element_name` (String) The name of the element to input text into. Not to be used with xapth or element_id.
- `input_text` (String) The text to input.
- `xpath` (String) The xpath of the element to input text into. If multiple matches, the first will be used. Not to be used with element_id or element_name.



<a id="nestedblock--step--console_message_suppression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.console_message_suppression`

Required:

- `comparison` (String) Must be EQUALS, STARTS_WITH, ENDS_WITH or CONTAINS. The way to compare the given full or part message to the console logs made after the previous step.
- `description` (String) Space for a description of what this is supressing.
- `log_level` (String) The log level to suppress. Must be ANY, WARNING or ERROR.
- `message` (String) The full log message or part of the log message to suppress.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--step--network_suppression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.network_suppression`

Required:

- `comparison` (String) Must be EQUALS, STARTS_WITH, ENDS_WITH or CONTAINS. The way to compare the given url to the network calls made after the last step.
- `description` (String) Space for a description of what this is supressing.
- `url` (String) The full or part URL to suppress.

Optional:

- `any_client_error` (Boolean) Suppress any 400-499 response code for the given url.
- `any_server_error` (Boolean) Suppress any 500-599 response code for the given url.
- `response_code` (Number) The response code for the given url that is to be suppressed for warnings or alerts.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--step--page_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.page_check`

Required:

- `description` (String) A description of what this check is doing. This will be used in alerts and notifications.
- `type` (String) The type of check to execute. Options are: CHECK_FOR_TEXT - Check for any string on or not on the current page. CHECK_FOR_ELEMENT - Check for an element and it's properties on the current page. CHECK_CURRENT_URL - Check the current url. CHECK_URL_RESPONSE - Check for specific network calls made after the last step. CHECK_CONSOLE_LOG - Check for console logs made after the last step.

Optional:

- `check_console_log` (Block, Optional) Check for a log entry made after the past step. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--page_check--check_console_log))
- `check_current_url` (Block, Optional) Check the URL of the current page. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--page_check--check_current_url))
- `check_element_on_page` (Block, Optional) Check for a specific element and it's attributes on the current page. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--page_check--check_element_on_page))
- `check_for_text` (Block, Optional) Check a specific stirng is present or absent on the current page. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--page_check--check_for_text))
- `check_url_response` (Block, Optional) Check a network request made after the previous step. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--step--page_check--check_url_response))
- `warning_only` (Boolean) If true then if this check fails, then it will only produce a warning, not a full check failure. Default is false.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)

<a id="nestedblock--step--page_check--check_console_log"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.page_check.check_console_log`

Optional:

- `comparison` (String) Must be one of EQUALS, DOES_NOT_EQUAL, STARTS_WITH, ENDS_WITH, CONTAINS or DOES_NOT_CONTAIN. The way to compare the given message against the console logs.
- `log_level` (String) Must be one of: ANY, NORMAL, WARNING or ERROR. The level of the log to check for.
- `message` (String) The full or partial log message to check for.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--step--page_check--check_current_url"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.page_check.check_current_url`

Optional:

- `comparison` (String) Must be one of EQUALS, DOES_NOT_EQUAL, STARTS_WITH, ENDS_WITH, CONTAINS or DOES_NOT_CONTAIN. The way to compare the given url against the current URL of the page.
- `url` (String) The URL to compare against the current URL of the page.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--step--page_check--check_element_on_page"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.page_check.check_element_on_page`

Optional:

- `attribute_name` (String) Filter element matches out by those only containing a given attribute name.
- `attribute_value` (String) Further filter element matches out by having a given attribute value too.
- `elemenet_id` (String) The id of the element to check.
- `elemenet_name` (String) The name of the element to check.
- `element_content` (String) Filter element matches out by their content.
- `state` (String) Must be either PRESENT or ABSENT. PRESENT means the element must be found on the page for the check to succeed. ABSENT means the element must not be on the page for the check to succeed.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--step--page_check--check_for_text"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.page_check.check_for_text`

Optional:

- `element_type` (String) Limit the search to specific elements.
- `state` (String) Must be either PRESENT or ABSENT. PRESENT means the text_to_find must be found on the page for the check to succeed. ABSENT mesns the text_to_find must not be on the page for the check to succeed.
- `text_to_find` (String) The string to search for for on the page.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--step--page_check--check_url_response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `step.page_check.check_url_response`

Optional:

- `alert_response_time` (Number) The response time in milliseconds that will trigger the check to fail.
- `any_client_error_response` (Boolean) Accept any response code from 400-499.
- `any_info_response` (Boolean) Accept any response code from 100-199.
- `any_redirect_response` (Boolean) Accept any response code from 300-399.
- `any_server_error_response` (Boolean) Accept any response code from 500-599.
- `any_success_response` (Boolean) Accept any response code from 200-299.
- `comparison` (String) Must be one of EQUALS, DOES_NOT_EQUAL, STARTS_WITH, ENDS_WITH, CONTAINS or DOES_NOT_CONTAIN. The way to compare the given url against the current URL of the page.
- `response_code` (Number) The response code required for the check to be successful.
- `url` (String) The URL to search for.
- `warning_response_time` (Number) The response time in milliseconds that will trigger a warning.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Web Journey checks can be imported using their numeric id, which can be see in the address bar when editing a check in the web interface.
terraform import endpointmonitor_web_journey_check.example 123
```
